ooh scenarios
right about this whole my guest a man
will he be no comedians now come on on
the spoons you talk about mr. sim 50 mr.
Dwight who the one around your lips tell
who you talking about oh man that's
already jumping with me because he got
spooked over him being on that white
girl yeah nah man I heard he was on that
booger sugar
no I'm saying talk about the nose candy
yeah oh he saw look here I think
Hannibal Buress said it best he reacted
to a cocaine joke like he was on cocaine
no no no no you let niggas do not let
your Mike Epps and cocaine and say that
he can't know it I privately you can do
legend has it that my Texas the only
comedian that - take a guilty on volume
days I'm he is unstoppable
then I Spit on y'all - everybody does
Lucifer
ah this us possible unstoppable
they they and remember there with him
not Adam listen
not in repeat at the me with him not at
Dinka take off this alright
the 3000 istros what they say is about
you still does comedies yes see the name
their address places they performs no
disrespect so much you don't have the
same jokes as nine to six son look all
tarts are no sup no sup no disrespect
sir disrespects gas is half no gas is
fine no no no how about gas is ha Mike
that's you man still doing that joke
that shit wasn't funny the first time
man
need to get that goddamn thing up hold
on man oh wait a minute now y'all coming
to me about the gym membership
as you can see I deactivated that shit
man Mike I always thought that was funny
man hey I'm not even a feeling
affiliated with Kevin Hart man I don't
even know Kevin like that I don't even
drink out of plastic cups man hey Mike
no damn you
from before what's going on
night-night
wait 15 30 37 38 the photos do sir